#summary How to set up Twittereeze for the first time.
#labels Featured,Phase-Deploy

= Introduction =

Four things need to be done:
  # creating an account with *Twitter*
  # downloading and installing *Twitterrific*
  # downloading and installing *SIMBL*
  # downloading and installing *Twittereeze*

After these, running Twitterrific will automatically enable Twittereeze as well.

Naturally, if you already have a Twitter account and/or Twitterific and/or SIMBL, you should skip the relevant steps. If you have all of the three, you can go straight to the Twittereeze section at the end of this page.

= Twitter =

Creating an account with Twitter is very much like on any other website. [http://twitter.com/ The homepage] has a [http://twitter.com/account/create *Join for Free!*] link to the right, where you have to provide some basic information, including a username, a publicly displayed name (does _not_ have to be your real name), a password and an e-mail address. You can also set your own timezone, upload a picture of yours for others to see, and require people to be in your friends list for them to receive updates, for some added privacy. Assuming you're 13 years and older, all that's left to do is to enter the letters from the captcha image and submit.

You can now log in and test out sending "tweets" (updating your status) straight from the website, or setting up your mobile phone or other clients if you wish, but this part is essentially done.

= Twitterific =

[http://iconfactory.com/software/twitterrific Twitterific] is a desktop client for Mac OS X that you need for Twittereeze. It will be the user interface that you interact with; Twittereeze itself virtually "disappears", unless you actually take advantage of it.

Download the current version from the website through the [http://iconfactory.com/assets/software/twitterrific/Twitterrific_10.zip *Get it!*] link. If your browser doesn't do it automatically, extract the zip archive by double-clicking it. You should end up with a folder containing a Read Me document that you might want to read, as well as the application itself.

You can drag the application to your *Applications* folder, but it will work from anywhere. Double-click it to run.

On the first launch, it will ask you your Twitter username and password account information that you have just created. Once entered, you can set some preferences. For example, you might want to only see "tweets" from your friends, although you have to use Twitter's website to set who's a friend and who's not.

The makers of Twitterrific also provide some tips and tricks through [http://twitter.com/twitterrific their own twitter account]; you can add this one as a friend as well (notice the "Add" link to the right) and get those tips right in your Twitterific interface.

= SIMBL =

Now you have to set up [http://www.culater.net/software/SIMBL/SIMBL.php SIMBL] if you don't have it already. This is a technique for installing plug-ins into various applications; many extensions for Safari, for example, use this.

[http://www.culater.net/dl/files/SIMBL-0.8.1.tbz Download the newest version] from the website. If your rbowser hasn't done so, unpack the tgz archive by double-clicking it. It comes with a ReadMe document, as well as an installer package. Go through the steps of the installer, and you're done.

= Twittereeze =

Finally, [http://twittereeze.googlecode.com/files/Twittereeze.bundle.zip download Twittereeze itself]. This comes in a zip archive that extracts a bundle. To install this, go into your Home directory, and inside Library/Application Support, create a folder titled "SIMBL" (if one doesn't exist already), and one named "Plugins" within (same). Drag and drop the Twittereeze bundle in there.

Now launch, or relaunch if it's already running, Twitterrific. You're done!
